README.md, before:

# Blogpost-Term2
Exploring Amsterdam Airbnb Data and writing a blogpost

In this repository, I analysed the publicly available Airbnb data for Amsterdam.I tried to answer the following business questions.
1. What is number of new listings posted on Airbnb for Amsterdam, on a year to year basis ?
2. What is the distribution of prices in Amsterdam Airbnb listings ?
3. Which features contibute the most in predicting prices of listings ?

### Summary
In general, I found that The majority of listings are less than $400 .The accomodate feature and availability_365 feature contribute most towards predicting prices of listings. The number of new listings saw a sharp increase between 2008 -2014 period.Therafter, there has been a declining trend in number of new listings 

### Libraries Used
- Pandas
- Matplotlib
- Sklearn
- Seaborn

### Files in Repo
- Airbnb Amsterdam Listing Analysis.ipynb
- README.md

### Blogpost link
Medium Post - https://medium.com/@anand9499/exploring-amsterdam-airbnb-data-d17794d17fd2

### Acknowledgements
I got the data from http://insideairbnb.com/get-the-data.html

Commit message:

Updated Acknowledgements, Files used, project motivation

README.md, after:

# Blogpost-Term2
Exploring Amsterdam Airbnb Data and writing a blogpost

### Project Motivation
I am doing this analysis , as a part of Udacity Data Scientist Nanodegree. The dataset chosen is publicly available on Airbnb.
In this repository, I analysed the Airbnb data for Amsterdam. I tried to find answers to the following business questions ,using the data-
1. What is number of new listings posted on Airbnb for Amsterdam, on a year to year basis ?
2. What is the distribution of prices in Amsterdam Airbnb listings ?
3. Which features contibute the most in predicting prices of listings ?

### Summary
In general, I found that The majority of listings are less than $400 .The accomodate feature and availability_365 feature contribute most towards predicting prices of listings. The number of new listings saw a sharp increase between 2008 -2014 period.Therafter, there has been a declining trend in number of new listings 

### Libraries
- Pandas
- Matplotlib
- Sklearn
- Seaborn

### Files in Repo
- Airbnb Amsterdam Listing Analysis.ipynb which contains work related to above questions. The Markdown cells help in understanding the thought process behind each step.
- README.md

### Blogpost link
Medium Post - https://medium.com/@anand9499/exploring-amsterdam-airbnb-data-d17794d17fd2

### Acknowledgements
- Airbnb for providing the data . The data can be obtained from http://insideairbnb.com/get-the-data.html
- Udacity, for providing such wonderful platform to learn new skills.
